feat(calendar): custom cell content (#928)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/calendar.md

<ef-calendar first-day-of-week="3" value="2019-05-21"></ef-calendar>
```

## Customizing content of the cell

> The calendar allows you to customize the content and style of a cell on particular date. You can use the `slot` with value in format `yyyy-MM-dd`, `yyyy-MM` and `yyyy` as a key to indicate the specific day, month, year of the cell that need to be replaced with custom content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The calendar allows you to customize the content and style of a cell on particular date. You can set a `slot` attribute with value in format `yyyy-MM-dd`, `yyyy-MM` and `yyyy` as a key to indicate the specific day, month, year of the cell that need to be replaced with custom content.
```
